Reworks Web Server and Nodejs docs to match Web Server buildpack behavior (#485)
paketo-buildpacks/paketo-website: content/docs/howto/nodejs.md

The image produced by the build will run `node src/launchpoint.js`
as its start command.

## Build and Serve a Frontend Framework App

> If you are using a framework that generates a static site for your (e.g. React,
> Vue, Angular) and you would like to have the buildpacks to run the build
> process and then serve using a static web server. The [Paketo Web Servers
> buildpack][web-servers] has a [frontend application
> workflow][web-servers/frontend] that covers this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a framework that generates a static site from JavaScript source
code (e.g. React, Vue, Angular), you can use the [Paketo Web Servers
buildpack][web-servers] to build the static assets and automatically configure
a web server. The web servers [documentation][web-servers/frontend] covers this use case.
```

Author: THANK YOU. I could not for the life of me think of good formatting for this!
